Dankrad altair review (#2387)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/altair/beacon-chain.md

| Name | Value |
| - | - |
| `G2_POINT_AT_INFINITY` | `BLSSignature(b'\xc0' + b'\x00' * 95)` |
| `PARTICIPATION_FLAGS` | `3` |

> | `PARTICIPATION_FLAG_WEIGHTS` | `[TIMELY_HEAD_WEIGHT, TIMELY_SOURCE_WEIGHT, TIMELY_TARGET_WEIGHT]` |

Reviewer: i can't comment up above but in this case, we should get rid of the constants `TIMELY_*_INDEX` defined up above

```python
class SyncAggregate(Container):
    sync_committee_bits: Bitvector[SYNC_COMMITTEE_SIZE]

>     # TODO! Need multiple signatures as discussed between Justin and Vitalik May 3 2021 (see Telegram)

Reviewer: i think we are leaning towards just having a single signature

```python
def get_sync_committee_indices(state: BeaconState, epoch: Epoch) -> Sequence[ValidatorIndex]:
    """

>     Return the sequence of sync committee indices
>     for a given ``state`` and ``epoch``.

Reviewer: i think we can just get away with this now:

```suggestion
    Return the sequence of sync committee indices for a given ``state`` and ``epoch``.
```

    if get_current_epoch(state) == GENESIS_EPOCH:
        return

>     flag_deltas = [get_flag_index_deltas(state, flag_index) for flag_index in range(PARTICIPATION_FLAGS)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    flag_deltas = [get_flag_index_deltas(state, flag_index) for flag_index in range(len(PARTICIPATION_FLAG_WEIGHTS))]
```

if we do this then we can drop the `PARTICIPATION_FLAGS` constant entirely and avoid having to keep it in sync w/ the list

Author: Fair.
